What did the fish say when it hit the wall? Dam.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie on it.
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1Forrest1
What do you call a belt made out of watches? A waist of time.
Why can't bicycles stand on their own? They are two tired
How does a train eat? It goes chew, chew
What do you call a singing Laptop? A Dell
How many lips does a flower have? Tulips
How do you organize an outer space party? You planet
What kind of shoes does a thief wear? Sneakers
What's the best time to go to the dentist? Tooth hurty.
Knock knock.   Who's there?   A broken pencil.   A broken pencil who? Never mind. It's pointless.
Knock knock.   Who's there?   Cows go.   Cows go who? No, cows go moo.
Knock knock.   Who's there?   Little old lady.   Little old lady who? I didn't know you could yodel!
What's the best thing about a Boolean? Even if you're wrong, you're only off by a bit.
What's the object-oriented way to become wealthy? Inheritance
Where do programmers like to hangout? The Foo Bar.
Why did the programmer quit his job? Because he didn't get arrays.
Did you hear about the two silk worms in a race? It ended in a tie.
What do you call a laughing motorcycle? A Yamahahahaha.
A termite walks into a bar and says... 'Where is the bar tended?'
What does C.S. Lewis keep at the back of his wardrobe? Narnia business!
Why do programmers always mix up Halloween and Christmas? Because Oct 31 == Dec 25
A SQL query walks into a bar, walks up to two tables and asks... 'Can I join you?'
How many programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? None that's a hardware problem
If you put a million monkeys at a million keyboards, one of them will eventually write a Java program the rest of them will write Perl
['hip', 'hip'] (hip hip array)
To understand what recursion is... You must first understand what recursion is
There are 10 types of people in this world... Those who understand binary and those who don't
What did the duck say when he bought lipstick? Put it on my bill
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad away
did you know the first French fries weren't cooked in France? they were cooked in Greece
Which song would an exception sing? Can't catch me - Avicii
Knock knock.   Who's there?   Opportunity. That is impossible. Opportunity doesnt come knocking twice!
Why do Java programmers wear glasses? Because they don't C#.
Why did the mushroom get invited to the party? Because he was a fungi.
Do you know what the word 'was' was initially? Before was was was was was is.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity... It's impossible to put down
If you're American when you go into the bathroom, and American when you come out, what are you when you're in there? European
Want to hear a joke about a piece of paper? Never mind...it's tearable
I just watched a documentary about beavers. It was the best dam show I ever saw
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store... Does that make you an iWitness?
A ham sandwhich walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says... I'm sorry, we don't serve food here
Why did the Clydesdale give the pony a glass of water? Because he was a little horse
If you boil a clown... Do you get a laughing stock?
Finally realized why my plant sits around doing nothing all day... He loves his pot.
Don't look at the eclipse through a colander. You'll strain your eyes.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!
Why do chicken coops only have two doors? Because if they had four, they would be chicken sedans
What do you call a factory that sells passable products? A satisfactory
When a dad drives past a graveyard: Did you know that's a popular cemetery? Yep, people are just dying to get in there
Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He couldn't see himself doing it
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it
I had a dream that I was a muffler last night. I woke up exhausted!
Why is peter pan always flying? Because he neverlands
How do you check if a webpage is HTML5? Try it out on Internet Explorer
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef!
I dropped a pear in my car this morning. You should drop another one, then you would have a pair.
Lady: How do I spread love in this cruel world? Random Dude: [...]
A user interface is like a joke. If you have to explain it then it is not that good.
Knock knock.   Who's there?   Hatch.   Hatch who? Bless you!
What do you call sad coffee? Despresso.
Why did the butcher work extra hours at the shop? To make ends meat.
Did you hear about the hungry clock? It went back four seconds.
Well... Thats a deep subject.
Did you hear the story about the cheese that saved the world? It was legend dairy.
Did you watch the new comic book movie? It was very graphic!
I started a new business making yachts in my attic this year... The sails are going through the roof.
I got hit in the head by a soda can, but it didn't hurt that much... It was a soft drink.
I can't tell if i like this blender... It keeps giving me mixed results.
I couldn't get a reservation at the library... They were fully booked.
I was gonna tell you a joke about UDP... ...but you might not get it.
The punchline often arrives before the set-up. Do you know the problem with UDP jokes?
Why do C# and Java developers keep breaking their keyboards? Because they use a strongly typed language.
What do you give to a lemon in need? Lemonaid.
Never take advice from electrons. They are always negative.
Hey, dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut.
What time is it? I don't know... it keeps changing.
A weasel walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Wow, I've never served a weasel before. What can I get for you?" Pop,goes the weasel.
Bad at golf? Join the club.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course. The Empire State Building can't jump.
Can February march? No, but April may.
Can I watch the TV? Yes, but dont turn it on.
Dad, can you put my shoes on? I don't think they'll fit me.
Did you hear about the bread factory burning down? They say the business is toast.
Did you hear about the chameleon who couldn't change color? They had a reptile dysfunction.
Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded in France? There was nothing left but de Brie.
Did you hear about the cow who jumped over the barbed wire fence? It was udder destruction.
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's ok, he woke up.
Did you hear about the Mexican train killer? He had loco motives
Did you hear about the new restaurant on the moon? The food is great, but theres just no atmosphere.
Did you hear about the runner who was criticized? He just took it in stride
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water? He had a very esteemed colleague.
Did you hear about the submarine industry? It really took a dive...
Did you hear that David lost his ID in prague? Now we just have to call him Dav.
Did you hear that the police have a warrant out on a midget psychic ripping people off? It reads "Small medium at large."
Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun? She was a roman catholic.
Did you hear the news? FedEx and UPS are merging. Theyre going to go by the name Fed-Up from now on.
Did you hear the one about the guy with the broken hearing aid? Neither did he.
Did you know crocodiles could grow up to 15 feet? But most just have 4.
What do ghosts call their true love? Their ghoul-friend
Did you know that protons have mass? I didn't even know they were catholic.
Did you know you should always take an extra pair of pants golfing? Just in case you get a hole in one.
Do I enjoy making courthouse puns? Guilty
Do you know where you can get chicken broth in bulk? The stock market.
Do you want a brief explanation of what an acorn is? In a nutshell, it's an oak tree.
Ever wondered why bees hum? It's because they don't know the words.
Have you ever heard of a music group called Cellophane? They mostly wrap.
Have you heard of the band 1023MB? They haven't got a gig yet.
Have you heard the rumor going around about butter? Never mind, I shouldn't spread it.
How are false teeth like stars? They come out at night!
How can you tell a vampire has a cold? They start coffin.
How come a man driving a train got struck by lightning? He was a good conductor.
How come the stadium got hot after the game? Because all of the fans left.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke was getting for Christmas? He felt his presents.
How did the hipster burn the roof of his mouth? He ate the pizza before it was cool.
How do hens stay fit? They always egg-cercise!
How do locomotives know where they're going? Lots of training
How do the trees get on the internet? They log on.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?  Look for fresh prints.
How do you fix a broken pizza? With tomato paste.
How do you fix a damaged jack-o-lantern? You use a pumpkin patch.
How do you get a baby alien to sleep?  You rocket.
How do you get two whales in a car? Start in England and drive West.
How do you know if theres an elephant under your bed? Your head hits the ceiling!
How do you make a hankie dance? Put a little boogie in it.
How good are you at Power Point? I Excel at it.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
How do you steal a coat? You jacket.
How do you tell the difference between a crocodile and an alligator? You will see one later and one in a while.
How does a dyslexic poet write? Inverse.
How does a French skeleton say hello? Bone-jour.
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
How does a scientist freshen their breath? With experi-mints!
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
How many bones are in the human hand? A handful of them.
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb? Oh, it's a really obscure number. You've probably never heard of it.
How many kids with ADD does it take to change a lightbulb? Let's go ride bikes!
How many optometrists does it take to change a light bulb? 1 or 2? 1... or 2?
How many seconds are in a year? 12. January 2nd, February 2nd, March 2nd, April 2nd.... etc
How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb? A Brazilian
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus? Ten-tickles!
How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram.
How was the snow globe feeling after the storm? A little shaken.
Is the pool safe for diving? It deep ends.
Is there a hole in your shoe? No Then howd you get your foot in it?
What did the spaghetti say to the other spaghetti? Pasta la vista, baby!
Whats 50 Cents name in Zimbabwe? 200 Dollars.
Want to hear a chimney joke? Got stacks of em! First one's on the house
Want to hear a joke about construction? Nah, I'm still working on it.
Want to hear my pizza joke? Never mind, it's too cheesy.
What animal is always at a game of cricket? A bat.
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday...the rest are weekdays.
What biscuit does a short person like? Shortbread. 
What cheese can never be yours? Nacho cheese.
What creature is smarter than a talking parrot? A spelling bee.
What did celery say when he broke up with his girlfriend? She wasn't right for me, so I really don't carrot all.
What did Michael Jackson name his denim store?    Billy Jeans!
What did one nut say as he chased another nut?  I'm a cashew!
What did one plate say to the other plate? Dinner is on me!
What did one snowman say to the other snow man? Do you smell carrot?
What did one wall say to the other wall? I'll meet you at the corner!
What did Romans use to cut pizza before the rolling cutter was invented? Lil Caesars
What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt.
What did the beaver say to the tree? It's been nice gnawing you.
What did the big flower say to the littler flower? Hi, bud!
What did the Buffalo say to his little boy when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
What did the digital clock say to the grandfather clock? Look, no hands!
What did the dog say to the two trees? Bark bark.
What did the Dorito farmer say to the other Dorito farmer? Cool Ranch!
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn!
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
What did the judge say to the dentist? Do you swear to pull the tooth, the whole tooth and nothing but the tooth?
What did the late tomato say to the early tomato? Ill ketch up
What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between us, something smells!
What did the mountain climber name his son? Cliff.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Thanks for all the sediment.
What did the ocean say to the shore? Nothing, it just waved.
Why don't you find hippopotamuses hiding in trees? They're really good at it.
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? Aye Matey!
What did the Red light say to the Green light? Don't look at me I'm changing!
What did the scarf say to the hat? You go on ahead, I am going to hang around a bit longer.
What did the shy pebble wish for? That she was a little boulder.
What did the traffic light say to the car as it passed? Don't look I'm changing!
What did the Zen Buddist say to the hotdog vendor? Make me one with everything.
What do birds give out on Halloween? Tweets.
What do I look like? A JOKE MACHINE!?
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones.
What do vegetarian zombies eat? Grrrrrainnnnnssss.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear!
What do you call a bee that lives in America? A USB.
What do you call a boomerang that won't come back? A stick.
What do you call a careful wolf? Aware wolf.
What do you call a cow on a trampoline? A milk shake!
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
What do you call a crowd of chess players bragging about their wins in a hotel lobby? Chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
What do you call a dad that has fallen through the ice? A Popsicle.
What do you call a dictionary on drugs? High definition.
what do you call a dog that can do magic tricks? a labracadabrador
What do you call a droid that takes the long way around? R2 detour.
What do you call a duck that gets all A's? A wise quacker.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What do you call a fashionable lawn statue with an excellent sense of rhythmn? A metro-gnome
What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller.
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
What do you call a girl between two posts? Annette.
What do you call a group of disorganized cats? A cat-tastrophe.
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra.
What do you call a monkey in a mine field? A babooooom!
What do you call a nervous javelin thrower? Shakespeare.
What do you call a pig that knows karate? A pork chop!
What do you call a pig with three eyes? Piiig
What do you call a pile of cats?  A Meowtain.
What do you call a sheep with no legs? A cloud.
What do you call a troublesome Canadian high schooler? A poutine.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An in-vest-igator!
What do you call an Argentinian with a rubber toe? Roberto
What do you call an eagle who can play the piano? Talonted!
What do you call an elephant that doesnt matter? An irrelephant.
What do you call an old snowman? Water.
What do you call cheese by itself? Provolone.
What do you call corn that joins the army? Kernel.
What do you call someone with no nose? Nobody knows.
What do you call two barracuda fish?  A Pairacuda!
What do you do on a remote island? Try and find the TV island it belongs to.
What do you do when you see a space man? Park your car, man.
What do you get hanging from Apple trees? Sore arms.
What do you get when you cross a bee and a sheep? A bah-humbug.
What do you get when you cross a chicken with a skunk? A fowl smell!
What do you get when you cross a rabbit with a water hose? Hare spray.
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite.
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemonaid.
What does a clock do when it's hungry? It goes back four seconds!
What does a female snake use for support? A co-Bra!
What does a pirate pay for his corn? A buccaneer!
What does an angry pepper do? It gets jalapeo face.
What happens when you anger a brain surgeon? They will give you a piece of your mind.
What has ears but cannot hear? A field of corn.
What is a centipedes's favorite Beatle song?  I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand...
What is a tornado's favorite game to play? Twister!
What is a vampire's favorite fruit? A blood orange.
What is a witch's favorite subject in school? Spelling!
What is red and smells like blue paint? Red paint!
What is the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don't know and I don't care.
What is the hardest part about sky diving? The ground.
What is the leading cause of dry skin? Towels
What is the least spoken language in the world? Sign Language
What is the tallest building in the world? The library, its got the most stories!
What is this movie about? It is about 2 hours long.
What kind of award did the dentist receive? A little plaque.
What kind of bagel can fly? A plain bagel.
What kind of dinosaur loves to sleep? A stega-snore-us.
What kind of dog lives in a particle accelerator? A Fermilabrador Retriever.
What kind of magic do cows believe in? MOODOO.
What kind of music do planets listen to? Nep-tunes.
What kind of pants do ghosts wear? Boo jeans.
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree!
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
What type of music do balloons hate? Pop music!
What was a more important invention than the first telephone? The second one.
What was the pumpkins favorite sport? Squash.
What's black and white and read all over? The newspaper.
What's blue and not very heavy?  Light blue.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A Carrot.
What's red and bad for your teeth? A Brick.
What's the best thing about elevator jokes? They work on so many levels.
What's the difference between a guitar and a fish? You can tune a guitar but you can't "tuna"fish!
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter.
What's the difference between a seal and a sea lion? An ion! 
What's the worst part about being a cross-eyed teacher? They can't control their pupils.
What's the worst thing about ancient history class? The teachers tend to Babylon.
Whats brown and sounds like a bell? Dung!
Whats E.T. short for? Hes only got little legs.
Whats Forest Gumps Facebook password? 1forest1
Whats the advantage of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.
Whats the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? About 5000 miles.
When do doctors get angry? When they run out of patients.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.
Where did you learn to make ice cream? Sunday school.
Where do bees go to the bathroom?  The BP station.
Where do hamburgers go to dance? The meat-ball.
Where do rabbits go after they get married? On a bunny-moon.
Where do sheep go to get their hair cut? The baa-baa shop.
Where do you learn to make banana splits? At sundae school.
Where do young cows eat lunch? In the calf-ateria.
Where does batman go to the bathroom? The batroom.
Where does Fonzie like to go for lunch? Chick-Fil-Eyyyyyyyy.
Where does Napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies.
Where was the Declaration of Independence signed? At the bottom! 
Wheres the bin? I havent been anywhere!
Which side of the chicken has more feathers? The outside.
Who did the wizard marry? His ghoul-friend
Who is the coolest Doctor in the hospital? The hip Doctor!
Why are fish easy to weigh? Because they have their own scales.
Why are fish so smart? Because they live in schools!
Why are ghosts bad liars? Because you can see right through them!
Why are graveyards so noisy? Because of all the coffin.
Why are mummys scared of vacation? They're afraid to unwind.
Why are oranges the smartest fruit? Because they are made to concentrate. 
Why are pirates called pirates? Because they arrr!
Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin.
Why can't a bicycle stand on its own? It's two-tired.
Why can't you use "Beef stew"as a password? Because it's not stroganoff.
Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it'd be a foot!
Why cant you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? The p is silent.
Why couldn't the kid see the pirate movie? Because it was rated arrr!
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie? He was too far out, man.
Why did Dracula lie in the wrong coffin? He made a grave mistake.
Why did Sweden start painting barcodes on the sides of their battleships? So they could Scandinavian.
Why did the A go to the bathroom and come out as an E? Because he had a vowel movement.
Why did the barber win the race? He took a short cut.
Why did the belt go to prison? He held up a pair of pants!
Why did the burglar hang his mugshot on the wall? To prove that he was framed!
Why did the chicken get a penalty? For fowl play.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
Why did the cookie cry? Because his mother was a wafer so long
Why did the cookie cry? It was feeling crumby.
Why did the cowboy have a weiner dog? Somebody told him to get a long little doggy.
Why did the fireman wear red, white, and blue suspenders? To hold his pants up.
Why did the girl smear peanut butter on the road? To go with the traffic jam.
Why did the half blind man fall in the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
Why did the house go to the doctor? It was having window panes.
Why did the kid cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
Why did the man put his money in the freezer? He wanted cold hard cash!
Why did the man run around his bed? Because he was trying to catch up on his sleep!
Why did the melons plan a big wedding? Because they cantaloupe!
Why did the octopus beat the shark in a fight? Because it was well armed.
Why did the opera singer go sailing? They wanted to hit the high Cs.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing.
Why did the tree go to the dentist? It needed a root canal.
Why did the worker get fired from the orange juice factory? Lack of concentration.
Why didn't the number 4 get into the nightclub? Because he is 2 square.
Why didnt the orange win the race? It ran out of juice.
Why didnt the skeleton cross the road? Because he had no guts.
Why do bananas have to put on sunscreen before they go to the beach? Because they might peel!
Why do bears have hairy coats? Fur protection.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honey combs!
Why do bees hum? Because they don't know the words.
Why do birds fly south for the winter? Because it's too far to walk.
Why do choirs keep buckets handy? So they can carry their tune
Why do crabs never give to charity? Because theyre shellfish.
Why do ducks make great detectives? They always quack the case.
Why do mathematicians hate the U.S.? Because it's indivisible.
Why do pirates not know the alphabet? They always get stuck at "C".
Why do pumpkins sit on peoples porches? They have no hands to knock on the door.
Why do scuba divers fall backwards into the water? Because if they fell forwards theyd still be in the boat.
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? Dunno, they're just a bit shady.
Why do valley girls hang out in odd numbered groups? Because they can't even.
Why do wizards clean their teeth three times a day? To prevent bat breath!
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan.
Why does a Moon-rock taste better than an Earth-rock? Because it's a little meteor.
Why does it take longer to get from 1st to 2nd base, than it does to get from 2nd to 3rd base? Because theres a Shortstop in between!
Why does Norway have barcodes on their battleships? So when they get back to port, they can Scandinavian.
Why does Superman get invited to dinners? Because he is a Supperhero.
Why does Waldo only wear stripes? Because he doesn't want to be spotted.
Knock-knock. A race condition. Who is there?
What's the best part about TCP jokes? I get to keep telling them until you get them.
A programmer puts two glasses on his bedside table before going to sleep. A full one, in case he gets thirsty, and an empty one, in case he doesnt.
There are 10 kinds of people in this world. Those who understand binary, those who don't, and those who weren't expecting a base 3 joke.
Two guys walk into a bar . . . The first guy says "Ouch!" and the second says "Yeah, I didn't see it either."
What did the router say to the doctor? It hurts when IP.
An IPv6 packet is walking out of the house. He goes nowhere.
A DHCP packet walks into a bar and asks for a beer. Bartender says, "here, but Ill need that back in an hour!"
3 SQL statements walk into a NoSQL bar. Soon, they walk out They couldn't find a table.
I saw a nice stereo on Craigslist for $1. Seller says the volume is stuck on high I couldnt turn it down.
Whats the object-oriented way to become wealthy? Inheritance.
What do you call a bee that can't make up its mind? A maybe.
Why was Cinderalla thrown out of the football team? Because she ran away from the ball.
What kind of music do welders like? Heavy metal.
Why are Dad Jokes so good? Because the punchline is apparent.
Why dot net developers don't wear glasses? Because they see sharp.
Why is seven bigger than nine? Because seven ate nine.
Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing? In case they get a hole in one!
What do you call a suspicious looking laptop? Asus
What did the Java code say to the C code? You've got no class.
What is the most used language in programming? Profanity.
Why do programmers always get Christmas and Halloween mixed up? Because DEC 25 = OCT 31
What goes after USA? USB.
Why don't eggs tell jokes? Because they would crack each other up.
How do you make the number one disappear? Add the letter G and its gone!
My older brother always tore the last pages of my comic books, and never told me why. I had to draw my own conclusions.
The Sergeant-Major growled at the young soldier: I didnt see you at camouflage training this morning. Thank you very much, sir.
Why does Waldo only wear stripes? Because he doesn't want to be spotted.
A male developer often gets called as a Dev, then what would you call a female developer? Devi.
Why did the kid throw the watch out the window? So time would fly.
Where did the API go to eat? To the RESTaurant.
Why did the rooster cross the road? He heard that the chickens at KFC were pretty hot.
Did you hear about the Viking who was reincarnated? He was Bjorn again
What does the mermaid wear to math class? Algae-bra.
Did you hear about the crime in the parking garage? It was wrong on so many levels.
Hey, wanna hear a joke? Parsing HTML with regex.
Why didn't the skeleton go for prom? Because it had nobody.
A grocery store cashier asked if I would like my milk in a bag. I told her 'No, thanks. The carton works fine.'
99.9% of the people are dumb! Fortunately I belong to the remaining 1%
I just got fired from my job at the keyboard factory. They told me I wasn't putting in enough shifts.
You see, mountains aren't just funny. They are hill areas.
What do elves post on Social Media? Elf-ies.
What did one pirate say to the other when he beat him at chess?...Checkmatey.
I burned 2000 calories today...I left my food in the oven for too long.
I startled my next-door neighbor with my new electric power tool. ...I had to calm him down by saying Dont worry, this is just a drill!
I broke my arm in two places. ...My doctor told me to stop going to those places.
I quit my job at the coffee shop the other day. ...It was just the same old grind over and over.
I never buy anything that has Velcro with it......its a total rip-off.
I used to work at a soft drink can crushing company......it was soda pressing.
I wondered why the frisbee kept on getting bigger. ...Then it hit me.
I was going to tell you a fighting joke......but I forgot the punch line.
What is the most groundbreaking invention of all time? ...The shovel. 
Im starting my new job at a restaurant next week. ...I cant wait.
I visited a weight loss website......they told me I have to have cookies disabled.
Did you hear about the famous Italian chef that recently died? ...He pasta way.
Broken guitar for sale...no strings attached.
I could never be a plumber...its too hard watching your lifes work go down the drain.
I cut my finger slicing cheese the other day......but I think I may have grater problems than that.
What time did you go to the dentist yesterday?...Tooth-hurty.
What kind of music do astronauts listen to?...Neptunes.
Rest in peace, boiled water. ...You will be mist.
What is the only concert in the world that costs 45 cents? ...50 Cent, featuring Nickelback.
Its not a dad bod... its a father figure.
My wife recently went on a tropical food diet and now our house is full of this stuff. ...Its enough to make a mango crazy.
What do you call Santas little helpers? ...Subordinate clauses.
Want to hear a construction joke? ...Sorry, Im still working on it.
Whats the difference between a hippo and a zippo? ...One is extremely big and heavy, and the other is a little lighter.
I burnt my Hawaiian pizza today in the oven, ...I should have cooked it on aloha temperature.
Anyone can be buried when they die...but if you want to be cremated then you have to urn it.
Where did Captain Hook get his hook? ...From the second-hand store.
I am such a good singer that people always ask me to sing solo...solo that they cant hear me. 
I am such a good singer that people ask me to sing tenor...tenor twelve miles away.
Occasionally to relax I just like to tuck my knees into my chest and lean forward.... Thats just how I roll.
What did the glass of wine say to the glass of beer? Nothing. ...They barley knew each other.
Ive never trusted stairs. ...They are always up to something.
Why did Shakespeares wife leave him? ...She got sick of all the drama.
I just bought a dictionary but all of the pages are blank. ...I have no words to describe how mad I am.
If you want to get a job at the moisturizer factory... ...youre going to have to apply daily.
I dont know whats going to happen next year. ...Its probably because I dont have 2020 vision.
Want to hear a joke about going to the bathroom? ...Urine for a treat.
I couldnt figure out how to use the seat belt. ...Then it just clicked.
I got an email the other day teaching me how to read maps backwards...turns out it was just spam.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity.... It's impossible to put down!
You're American when you go into the bathroom, and you're American when you come out, but do you know what you are while you're in there?... European.
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France?... They were cooked in Greece.
Want to hear a joke about a piece of paper? Never mind... ...it's tearable.
I just watched a documentary about beavers. ...It was the best dam show I ever saw!
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store what re you?... An iWitness?
Spring is here! ...I got so excited I wet my plants!
Whats Forrest Gumps password?... 1forrest1
Why did the Clydesdale give the pony a glass of water? ...Because he was a little horse!
CASHIER: "Would you like the milk in a bag, sir?" ...DAD: "No, just leave it in the carton!
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? ...They say he made a mint.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer.... I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!
Why do chicken coops only have two doors?... Because if they had four, they would be chicken sedans!
How do you make a Kleenex dance? ...Put a little boogie in it!
A termite walks into a bar and asks..."Is the bar tender here?"
Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer?... He couldn't see himself doing it.
I used to have a job at a calendar factory ...but I got the sack because I took a couple of days off.
A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. Judge says, "First offender?" ...She says, "No, first a Gibson! Then a Fender!
How do you make holy water?... You boil the hell out of it.
I had a dream that I was a muffler last night.... I woke up exhausted!
Did you hear about the circus fire?... It was in tents!
Don't trust atoms.... They make up everything!
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? ...Ten-tickles.
Im only familiar with 25 letters in the English language.... I dont know why.
Why did the cow in the pasture get promoted at work?... Because he is OUT-STANDING in his field!
What do prisoners use to call each other?... Cell phones.
Why couldn't the bike standup by itself? ...It was two tired.
Who was the fattest knight at King Arthurs round table?... Sir Cumference. 
Did you see they made round bails of hay illegal in Wisconsin? ...Its because the cows werent getting a square meal.
You know what the loudest pet you can get is?... A trumpet.
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire?... Frostbite.
What do you call a deer with no eyes?... No idea!
Can February March? ...No, but April May!
What do you call a lonely cheese? ...Provolone.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom?... Because the pee is silent.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school?... Bison.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? ...Nobody knows.
You heard of that new band 1023MB? ...They're good but they haven't got a gig yet.
Why did the crab never share?... Because he's shellfish.
How do you get a squirrel to like you? ...Act like a nut.
Why don't eggs tell jokes? ...They'd crack each other up.
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? ...Because then it would be a foot.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? ...Well, I'm not going to spread it!
I made a pencil with two erasers. ...It was pointless.
I used to hate facial hair......but then it grew on me.
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner...it was just gathering dust!
I had a neck brace fitted years ago... and I've never looked back since.
You know, people say they pick their nose,... but I feel like I was just born with mine.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter?... An irrelephant.
What do you get from a pampered cow? ...Spoiled milk.
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad.... It's a faux pa.
How do lawyers say goodbye? ...Sue ya later!
Wanna hear a joke about paper? ...Never mindit's tearable.
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? ...Live stream.
I could tell a joke about pizza,... but it's a little cheesy.
When does a joke become a dad joke?... When it becomes apparent.
Whats an astronauts favorite part of a computer? ...The space bar.
What did the shy pebble wish for?...That she was a little boulder.
I'm tired of following my dreams. ...I'm just going to ask them where they are going and meet up with them later.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? ...He's all right now.
Why didnt the skeleton cross the road? ...Because he had no guts.
What did one nut say as he chased another nut? ... I'm a cashew!
Chances are if you' ve seen one shopping center...... you've seen a mall.
I knew I shouldn't steal a mixer from work......but it was a whisk I was willing to take.
How come the stadium got hot after the game? ...Because all of the fans left.
Why was it called the dark ages? ...Because of all the knights. 
Why did the tomato blush? ...Because it saw the salad dressing.
Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun? ...She was a roman catholic.
What creature is smarter than a talking parrot? ...A spelling bee.
I'll tell you what often gets over looked...... garden fences.
Why did the kid cross the playground? ...To get to the other slide.
Why do birds fly south for the winter?... Because it's too far to walk.
What is a centipedes's favorite Beatle song? ... I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand...
My first time using an elevator was an uplifting experience. ...The second time let me down.
To be Frank...... I'd have to change my name.
Slept like a log last night  ...woke up in the fireplace.
Why does a Moon-rock taste better than an Earth-rock? ...Because it's a little meteor.
How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb?... A Brazilian
I don't trust stairs.... They're always up to something.
A police officer caught two kids playing with a firework and a car battery.... He charged one and let the other one off.
What is the difference between ignorance and apathy?...I don't know and I don't care.
I went to a Foo Fighters Concert once... ...It was Everlong...
Some people eat light bulbs. ...They say it's a nice light snack.
What do you get hanging from Apple trees? ... Sore arms.
Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back.... Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
I got a reversible jacket for Christmas,... I can't wait to see how it turns out.
What did Romans use to cut pizza before the rolling cutter was invented? ...Lil Caesars
My pet mouse 'Elvis' died last night. ...He was caught in a trap..
Never take advice from electrons. ...They are always negative.
Why are oranges the smartest fruit? ...Because they are made to concentrate. 
What did the beaver say to the tree? ...It's been nice gnawing you.
How do you fix a damaged jack-o-lantern?... You use a pumpkin patch.
What did the late tomato say to the early tomato? ...Ill ketch up
I have kleptomania......when it gets bad, I take something for it.
I used to be addicted to soap...... but I'm clean now.
When is a door not a door?... When it's ajar.
I made a belt out of watches once...... It was a waist of time.
This furniture store keeps emailing me,... all I wanted was one night stand!
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?...  Look for fresh prints.
I just read a book about Stockholm syndrome.... It was pretty bad at first, but by the end I liked it.
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? ...Dunno, they're just a bit shady.
If at first you don't succeed... sky diving is not for you!
What kind of music do mummy's like?...Rap
A book just fell on my head. ...I only have my shelf to blame.
What did the dog say to the two trees? ...Bark bark.
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time...... are they guilty of resisting a rest?
Have you ever heard of a music group called Cellophane?... They mostly wrap.
What did the mountain climber name his son?...Cliff.
Why should you never trust a pig with a secret?... Because it's bound to squeal.
Why are mummys scared of vacation?... They're afraid to unwind.
Whiteboards ...... are remarkable.
What kind of dinosaur loves to sleep?...A stega-snore-us.
What kind of tree fits in your hand?... A palm tree!
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey... but I turned myself around.
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus?... Ten-tickles!
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom?... A tuba toothpaste.
My boss told me to attach two pieces of wood together... ...I totally nailed it!
What was the pumpkins favorite sport?...Squash.
What do you call corn that joins the army?... Kernel.
I've been trying to come up with a dad joke about momentum ...but I just can't seem to get it going.
Why don't sharks eat clowns? ... Because they taste funny.
Just read a few facts about frogs.... They were ribbiting.
Why didnt the melons get married?...Because they cantaloupe.
Whats a computers favorite snack?...Microchips!
Why was the robot so tired after his road trip?...He had a hard drive.
Why did the computer have no money left?...Someone cleaned out its cache!
I'm not anti-social. ...I'm just not user friendly.
Why did the computer get cold?...Because it forgot to close windows.
What is an astronaut's favorite key on a keyboard?...The space bar!
What's the difference between a computer salesman and a used-car salesman?...The used-car salesman KNOWS when he's lying.
If at first you don't succeed...... call it version 1.0
Why did Microsoft PowerPoint cross the road?...To get to the other slide!
What did the computer do at lunchtime?...Had a byte!
Why did the computer keep sneezing?...It had a virus!
What did one toilet say to the other?...You look a bit flushed.
Why did the picture go to jail?...Because it was framed.
What did one wall say to the other wall?...I'll meet you at the corner.
What do you call a boy named Lee that no one talks to?...Lonely
Why do bicycles fall over?...Because they are two-tired!
Why was the broom late?...It over swept!
What part of the car is the laziest?...The wheels, because they are always tired!
What's the difference between a TV and a newspaper?...Ever tried swatting a fly with a TV?
What did one elevator say to the other elevator?...I think I'm coming down with something!
Why was the belt arrested?...Because it held up some pants!
What makes the calendar seem so popular?...Because it has a lot of dates!
Why did Mickey Mouse take a trip into space?He wanted to find Pluto!
Why do you go to bed every night?...Because the bed won't come to you!
What has four wheels and flies?...A garbage truck!
Why did the robber take a bath before he stole from the bank?...He wanted to make a clean get away!
Just watched a documentary about beavers....It was the best damn program Ive ever seen.
Slept like a log last night...woke up in the fireplace.
Why did the scarecrow win an award?...Because he was outstanding in his field.
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? ...Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan.
Whats the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? ...About 5000 miles
Why did the coffee file a police report? ...It got mugged.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? ...He let out a little wine.
How many apples grow on a tree? ...All of them.
What name do you give a person with a rubber toe? ...Roberto
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? ...Its fine, he woke up.
Why do scuba divers fall backwards into the water? ...Because if they fell forwards theyd still be in the boat.
How does a penguin build its house? ...Igloos it together.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe?...Roberto
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon?...Great food, no atmosphere.
Why was the belt sent to jail?...For holding up a pair of pants!
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water?...He had a very esteemed colleague.
What happens when a frogs car dies?...He needs a jump. If that doesn't work he has to get it toad.
What did the flowers do when the bride walked down the aisle?...They rose.
Why did the man fall down the well?...Because he couldnt see that well.
My boss told me to have a good day.........so I went home.
How can you tell its a dogwood tree?...By the bark.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school?...Its fine, he woke up.
Why is Peter Pan always flying?...Because he Neverlands.
Which state has the most streets?...Rhode Island.
What do you call 26 letters that went for a swim?...Alphawetical.
Why was the color green notoriously single?...It was always so jaded.
Why did the coach go to the bank?...To get his quarterback.
How do celebrities stay cool?...They have many fans.
What's the most depressing day of the week?...sadder day.
Dogs cant operate MRI machines...But catscan.
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke...but you guys didnt like it.
Stop looking for the perfect match...instead look for a lighter.
I told my doctor I heard buzzing...but he said its just a bug going around.
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive?...A lamborghini.
What did the accountant say while auditing a document?...This is taxing.
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day?...It was loaf at first sight.
Why do melons have weddings?...Because they cantaloupe.
What did the drummer call his twin daughters?...Anna One, Anna Two!
What do you call a toothless bear?... A gummy bear!
Two goldfish are in a tank. ...One says to the other, Do you know how to drive this thing?
Whats Forrest Gumps password?...1forrest1
What is a child guilty of if they refuse to nap?... Resisting a rest.
I know a lot of jokes about retired people...but none of them work.
Why are spiders so smart?...They can find everything on the web.
What has one head, one foot, and four legs?... A bed.
What does a house wear?... Address.
Whats red and smells like blue paint?...Red paint.
My son asked me to put his shoes on... but I dont think theyll fit me.
Ive been bored recently, so I decided to take up fencing.... The neighbors keep demanding that I put it back.
What do you call an unpredictable camera?...A loose Canon.
Which U.S. state is known for its especially small soft drinks?...Minnesota.
What do sprinters eat before a race?... Nothingthey fast.
Im so good at sleeping......I can do it with my eyes closed.
People are usually shocked that I have a Police record....But I love their greatest hits!
I told my girlfriend she drew on her eyebrows too high.... She seemed surprised.
What do you call a fibbing cat?... A lion.
Why shouldnt you write with a broken pencil?... Because its pointless.
I like telling Dad jokes...sometimes he laughs.
How do you weigh a millennial?... In Instagrams.
The wedding was so beautiful...even the cake was in tiers.
Whats the most patriotic sport?... Flag football.
